                                                       VINAY KRISHNAN
              vinaykrishnan28@gmail.com | (+91) 8006482272 | linkedin.com/in/vinay-krishnan28 | Bangalore, India


SUMMARY: Customer-obsessed and data-driven PM with 5+ years of experience across real-money gaming, live video streaming,
and interior design industries. Skilled in launching products from 0 to 1, creator economy, retention, and monetization.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Product Manager, Head Digital Works (Cricket.com)                                                                         Feb 2024 – Present
Successfully launched and improved the acquisition & retention of Cricket.com’s RMG application and website, catering to a user base of 1
million+ users during the IPL 24 season.

●​   Boosted user engagement and retention by localizing content for Hindi-speaking users and launching short-form video content.
●​   Enhanced organic traffic and search engine visibility by optimizing content and site structure through targeted SEO strategies,
     resulting in a 200% growth in active users.
●​   Enhanced user journey and onboarding experience to boost funnel conversions, achieving a 16% uplift in user registrations and an
     8% increase in KYC completion rates.
●​   Developed a purchase bundle recommendation feature, significantly increasing the average purchase amount (18% increase).
●​   Established and managed advertising monetization by integrating Google Ads Manager and fostering partner ad relationships.

Product Manager - Loco                                                                                                 Mar 2021 – Nov 2023
Owned and managed the Streamer Dashboard (20k DAU), a platform for creators to manage their Loco channels, track performance, and
optimize content, and Loco Studio (8k DAU), a platform for creators to go live, manage, and monetize their live streams.

●​   Orchestrated a six-month product roadmap, backlog, and sprint planning, ensuring the timely delivery of 20+ new features.
●​   Led the development of Loco Studio, an Android app for creator streaming, resulting in a 45% increase in DAU, a 20% boost in
     onboarding conversion, and a 10% rise in D30 retention within the first six months.
●​   Worked on improving payments and KYC feature, achieving an 85% reduction in payment processing time, a 25% increase in
     successful KYC verifications, and a 10% decrease in payment failures.
●​   Launched a Chat Moderation feature with an ML-driven profanity filter, reducing chat discard rates from 40% to 18% within three
     months.
●​   Led the integration of trigger-dependent transactional messaging via WhatsApp and email, improving streamer onboarding conversion
     funnel to 12%.
●​   Pioneered a Streamer Incentive Program, enabling organic streamers to monetize their content, contributing to 55% of Live Watch
     Hour generation and maintaining an average of 90% of overall streamers monthly.

Business Development Manager, Rheo                                                                                     Mar 2020 – Mar 2021
●​   Implemented web scraping techniques to augment lead quantity and quality.
●​   Introduced and expanded support for the Malayalam language category, which accounted for one-third of the DAU and achieved the
     highest retention rate (D30 > 30%) among all languages.
●​   Developed and enhanced the Audio Chat Room feature, driving a 25% increase in average session duration.

Management Trainee, Livspace                                                                                             Jul 2019 – Feb 2020
●​   Enhanced market intelligence through strategic analysis, mapping potential key accounts, and optimized lead quality prioritization.
●​   Pioneered a referral marketing program targeting existing clientele, driving significant lead generation and achieving a 4% conversion
     rate, resulting in 4cr BGMV (Business Gross Merchandise Value).

EDUCATION
B. Arch, Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee (IIT Roorkee) : 5.6 CGPA                                                        2014 - 2019

ACHIEVEMENTS & RECOGNITIONS
●​   Recognized as the Best Performer of the Year in the product team at Loco 2023.
●​   Elected as Counselor for the Student Affairs Council and Editorial Team Member for Watchout News Agency at IITR.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
●​   Data Analysis: SQL, Metabase, Amplitude Analytics, Mixpanel, AWS Athena, Retool
●​   Project Management & Collaboration: Jira, Excel, Google Sheets, Trello, Asana
●​   Design & Prototyping: Figma
●​   Methodologies: Agile, Scrum, Product Roadmapping, User Research, A/B Testing, Product strategy, prompt engineering, AI tools
